so we are at the limit butter in
scene in front of the staff office with
the general in hello hello hello
are the commander who runs precisely
that the vast camp how much of a
how many men on this are five years in
normal time actually I run the
intelligence brigade and on the camp
of oberhoffen us in about 2000
people three regiments a 2nd regiment
of hussars 28th geographical group and
54 54th Signal Regiment and
the staff of course and then again
two thousand people one distributed to
mutzig with the 44 40 4th in giant
transmission and chaumont high marl
the 61st artillery regiment
so this camp where you open its doors
this weekend we will talk about it in a
moment to simply bounce off the
about we just saw that we will
the army always attracts so
maybe a little bit different since
especially the end of the conscription you
perceive you too greet you
precisely on this camp of
framing people this is the thing
which are a little bit the showcase you
perceive this attraction that
still works for the army yes I
believe that the military always attract
our youth because the offer well
sure it's an exciting job
with managing a community of men
engaged around certain missions to
around the world you know it well
the news reminds us they serve
equipment equipment
last generation he acquires
extremely meticulous know-how
accurate it's a real job around
which one can build a whole life
and flourish totally would be that for
young people who are interested in these
areas there we were in the army that's
have the guarantee of having access to
low material almost the most sharp of
ski little of what it can exist
we can say it can be said in the
domains that are ours
we are only implementing one this
very sophisticated type of equipment that
really allows to bring a
added value at the command we are
in what is called the function
anticipation knowledge and who has been
dedicated by the White Paper on
defense and national security and for
the army land we implement
this ability so these are
actually last tools
generation
what can we see concretely
on these days open doors
open sorry I remember it's this
weekend saturday and sunday what is it
we will be able to see what are the
proposed animations
then you will of course have the different
regiments I quoted who will exhibit
in the form of stands their abilities
their mater their equipment their
know-how their experiences
operational you will have
dynamic demonstrations of their
activity you will also have a little bit
a fair a new partnership with
a number of Alsatian cities
one who join us
there will be one animation at a time
in the military but also
folk on the camp as to the 10
intelligence and intelligence brigade
transmission flight equipment around you
especially on some images
what is the main mission?
What is intelligence is due to the
listen to his techniques his tactics we
have human research capabilities
to make men who go on the field
to seek intelligence or take
contact with populations of
authorities for maintenance
conversational we have regiments
of electronic warfare
what's called intelligence
of electromagnetic origin detecting
signals and then we have a regiment
stone imaging intelligence that is
able to operate planes
remote controlled so-called
drones to go watch in the
depth of devices for example
and night and well it's to discover in
part maybe not all this part
it may not be completely covered at
public the other case the oberhoffen camp
night opens its doors to you remember
the schedule is this Saturday and
start from saturday
September 22nd and so the ceremony
unitary starts at 11am game there
would preside and then we
will open the stands all afternoon
and part of the evening and of course
all day Sunday the public
is welcome on the camp here you are
have the address in any case it is
obviously right next to bischwiller
we are